add --force and note (#24)
clerkinc/clerk-nextjs-app-quickstart: README.md

3. Set the required Clerk environment variables as shown in [the example `env.local.example` file](./.env.local.example).

> 4. `npm install --force` the required dependencies. Use `--force` to bypass dependency conflicts between `React` and `Next` due to the upcoming `React` 19 release, which may cause compatibility issues until officially supported by both libraries.

Reviewer: If you want the note I would do it this way:
```suggestion
4. `npm install` the required dependencies. You may need to use `--force` to handle dependency issues from the React release candidate.
```

Whatever you land on here should also get added to the `clerk-nextjs-pages-quickstart` I believe.
